fix(syntheticIPs): Clarified IP docs (#9449)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/synthetics/synthetic-monitoring/administration/new-synthetic-public-minion-ips.mdx

metaDescription: 'New runtime capabilities for synthetic monitoring may require you update your firewall allow list to accept network requests from new IP address ranges'
---

> Additional [source IP address ranges](#us_new_ip) will be used starting on October 3, 2022 to support the continued growth of synthetics. As a result, you may need to reconfigure your firewall's allow list, bot detection software, and other related applications to accept network requests from additional IP address ranges. Please ensure your configurations include these [new IP ranges](#us_new_ip). These IP ranges have been added to the IP range JSON file in our [synthetic monitor public minion IP documentation](/docs/synthetics/synthetic-monitoring/administration/synthetic-public-minion-ips/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support continued growth for synthetics, we will release additional [source IP address ranges](#us_new_ip) through the end of 2022. As a result, you may need to reconfigure your firewall's allow list, bot detection software, and other related applications to accept network requests from additional IP address ranges. Please ensure your configurations include these [new IP ranges](#us_new_ip). These IP ranges have been added to the IP range JSON file in our [synthetic monitor public minion IP documentation](/docs/synthetics/synthetic-monitoring/administration/synthetic-public-minion-ips/)
```

## New IP address ranges for public minions [#us_new_ip]

> Additional IP address ranges will be used starting on October 3, 2022. These ranges cover both US and EU data centers. These are in addition to and not replacing our existing published IP ranges. These IP ranges have been proactively added to the IP range JSON file IP range JSON file in our [synthetic monitor public minion IP documentation](/docs/synthetics/synthetic-monitoring/administration/synthetic-public-minion-ips/) even though they will not be used until October 3, 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional IP address ranges will be required starting on October 3, 2022. These ranges cover both US and EU data centers. These are in addition to and not replacing our existing published IP ranges. These IP ranges have been proactively added to the IP range JSON file IP range JSON file in our [synthetic monitor public minion IP documentation](/docs/synthetics/synthetic-monitoring/administration/synthetic-public-minion-ips/) even though they will not be used until October 3, 2022.
```
